Documentation of breaking changes in 3.0.0 (#389)
Jelly-RDF/jelly-jvm: docs/docs/getting-started-devs.md

*If you don't want to code anything and only use Jelly with your Apache Jena/RDF4J application, see [the dedicated guide](getting-started-plugins.md) about using Jelly-JVM as a plugin.*

> This guide explains a few of the basic functionalities of Jelly-JVM and how to use them in your code. Jelly-JVM is mainly written in Java, but some modules [are written entirely in Scala](user/reactive.md), as well as unit and integration tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide explains a few of the basic functionalities of Jelly-JVM and how to use them in your code. The core of Jelly-JVM is written in Java, but the reactive streaming modules [are written entirely in Scala](user/reactive.md), along with unit and integration tests.
```

> ## Quick start – Scala or Java & Apache Jena

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Quick start – Apache Jena
```

Depending on your RDF library of choice (Apache Jena, RDF4J, Titanium), you should import one of the dependencies: `jelly-jena`, `jelly-rdf4j`, [`jelly-titanium-rdf-api`](user/titanium.md)[^1]. In our examples we will use Jena, so let's add this to your `build.sbt` file:

```scala title="build.sbt"
lazy val jellyVersion = "{{ jvm_package_version() }}"

libraryDependencies ++= Seq(

>   "eu.neverblink.jelly" %% "jelly-jena" % jellyVersion,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "eu.neverblink.jelly" % "jelly-jena" % jellyVersion,
```

because it's without the _3 suffix

)
```

If you are working with Maven, add this to your `pom.xml`:

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>eu.neverblink.jelly</groupId>
    <artifactId>jelly-jena</artifactId>
    <version>{{ jvm_package_version() }}</version>
</dependency>
```

If you are using Gradle, add this to your `build.gradle`:

```groovy
dependencies {
    implementation "eu.neverblink.jelly:jelly-jena:${jellyVersion}"
}

> ```

Reviewer: If we are doing all this (maven, sbt, gradle), maybe use a tabbed structure in the docs, to make this a bit more compressed? See: https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/content-tabs/#grouping-code-blocks

Please put Maven first.

Now you can serialize/deserialize Jelly data with Apache Jena. Jelly is fully integrated with Jena, so it should all just magically work. Here is a simple example of reading a `.jelly` file (in this case, a metadata file from [RiverBench](https://w3id.org/riverbench/)) with [RIOT](https://jena.apache.org/documentation/io/):

> ```scala title="Deserialization example (Scala 3)"

Reviewer: Please also use tabs for Scala/Java examples. Java should come first.

> 

Reviewer: Heading above – remove "Java & "

> ```xml

Reviewer: Tabs please! :) You can also add sbt.

If you are so inclined, you can even generate these via an mkdocs macro defined in main.py. Up to you, I'm fine with either.
